Add Azure and Log Analytics setup instructions (#31)
CrowdStrike/falcon-integration-gateway: docs/aks/README.md

 * Event streams: READ
 * Hosts: READ

### Step 2: Set-up Azure and Log Analytics

Create an Azure account at https://azure.microsoft.com/.

In your Azure portal, create a new resource group. (Home > Resource groups > Create)

> Create a new Log Analytics workspace and assign it to your resource group. (Home > Log Analytics workspaces > Create)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Log Analytics workspace by selecting `Log Analytics workspaces`. You might have to search for it as a resource if it is not in your home menu.
1. Select `New`
1. Select the resource group that was previously created and enter a name under `Instance details`
1. Select `Review + Create`
1. Select `Create`

ssign it to your resource group. (Home > Log Analytics workspaces > Create)
```

Reviewer 2: `ssign` above may be a typo

Author: Fixed the typo

 * Event streams: READ
 * Hosts: READ

### Step 2: Configure Azure and Log Analytics

Sign in to the Azure portal at [https://portal.azure.com/](https://portal.azure.com/)

1. Create a new resource group by selecting `Resource groups`.
1. Select `New`
1. Enter a new resource group name
1. Select `Review + Create`
1. Select `Create`

1. Create a new Log Analytics workspace by selecting `Log Analytics workspaces`. You might have to search for it as a resource if it is not in your home menu.
1. Select `New`
1. Select the resource group that was previously created and enter a name under `Instance details`
1. Select `Review + Create`
1. Select `Create`

> Assign it to your resource group. (Home > Log Analytics workspaces > Create)

Reviewer: I think these lines need to be dropped. They appear to be duplicates of the instructions in line 28-32, but once they are, I think we should merge!
